Welcome home.
You're a Kinsella,
and we stick together.
Always.
Frank: You and I have been
doing business
since before
Moore was born.
Eamon:
It's not personal, Frank.
It's just
the model's changing.
You're either all in with me
or you're not.
Caolan: I want to deal
with Viking meself,
if you give it the okay.
Go on.
Viking: Jamie! Jamie!
An ambulance, will ya?!
Amanda: Who's gonna pay
for this?
You said whoever killed him
would pay.
Michael: Well, I can't be
involved in any of that.
Not if I want
to see Anna.
You done it before for money.
Do it now for family.
Gunshots
Crowd screaming
Eamon: You have no idea
what you have
just fucking started.
You're all done,
'cause you're fucking dead.
Dr. Rooney: I'd say
it's possible you may
have developed epilepsy.
Michael:
If I take these,
will it be like I'm
normal again?
If you have any worries,
just come back and see me.
Answer me, Michael.
Why'd you kill her?
Michael: It was an accident.
How do you accidentally
shoot someone?
You know I'd never do anything
to hurt your mother.
Crying
Jimmy: You know I never once
tried to punish you.
You make me feel
like the shitty one
'cause you
fucked my brother?
Michael: Are you trying
to blow everything up?
Boom.
We can't just sit here,
waiting to be killed.
Then what do we do?
Then we have to be
smarter than him.
Eamon:
How much did they get?
Con: All of it.
We have your drugs.
I'll get them back,
and then I'll kill
Frank and Michael
and Jimmy,
every last fucking one
of them.
Amanda: So, who is it
you talk to, Kem?
Is it Eamon himself?
I'm not a fucking rat,
if that's what you think.
Cullen: We believe Jamie's
killing was in retaliation
for a shooting that happened
a couple of nights earlier.
You saying I should
give up my son?
I'm just telling you
what's gonna happen.
They already have Eric.
Now they're just
widening their net
to see what else
they can catch.
If this blows up, we'll have
Fraud and Revenue after us.
They'll close
the dealership down.
Nikita: He's going
to see your uncle.
To get you
to go in with him.
Bren's sound.
Frank:
It's about Eric.
He's gonna be
coming inside.
I'm not having him
fuck up my parole.
Please.
You're too busy sucking cock
to fucking run
this family properly.
Frank!
I need an ambulance.
Viking: There's an eyewitness
to the shootin'.
Take 20 grand from
the stash in the ceilin'
and get Kem
to hire someone
to have them clipped.
Cenk:
Welcome home, Eamon.
My father wants
to see you.
It's all okay, Cenk.
Problem's been fixed.
You can tell him that.
Gunshot
Thud
Thud, clatter
What the fuck
have you done?
She's agreed
to a peace.
She lied.
Gunshot
Thudding
Amanda: You just don't get it,
do you, Mam?
I'm a Kinsella now.
Vehicles passing
Brush sweeping
Horn blares
Tires screech
Engine revs
Coughing
Tires screech
Do you want me
to call an ambulance?
Get the fuck
out of here.
Go! Lady!
They're coming!
Gun cocks
Horn honking
Both grunting
Gunshot
Bullet clangs
Aw, for fuck's sake.
Fuck!
Clicking
Fuck.
He's after
fucking stabbing me.
Give me the gun
and get out to the car.
I'll do it myself,
ya fuckin' dope!
Gun cocks
Grunting Please.
Please, don't shoot.
Brother, please.
Please, man, don't.
I've got two kids, man!
Please!
We won't say anything.
We swear.
Bullet casing rattles
Sea birds crying
Engine shuts off
Sirens wailing
Breathes deeply
Man: Let's go.
Tires screech
Conversing in native language
Tires squeal
Inhales sharply
Speaks native language
What's so urgent?
Your order's in transit.
The first half
of your payment is due.
I know.
I'll have it by Friday.
I want it today.
That's the account
we want it in.
And not all in one go.
Multiple transactions.
It's not me first rodeo.
Then I can expect
those lodgements in
by close of business?
Groans
Ship horn blares
Train wheels clacking
-Did you get it all?
-Yeah.
Kinsella?
Yeah.
Buzzer
Just one.
The other one waits out here.
Yeah.
Bag rustling
Woman: The only evidence
that places
my client at the scene
of the shooting
is a single eyewitness's
testimony --
an eyewitness
who has since passed away.
You mean murdered
in a targeted assassination
at a supermarket.
That is unfortunate,
but if that witness is not
available to be cross-examined,
their statement must be
deemed inadmissible.
We ask that all charges
be struck out.
Does the prosecution object
to the defense's application?
No, Judge.
Exclaims
This court
strikes out all charges
against Eric Xavier Kinsella
in relation to the shooting
on the 20th of September.
Gavel bangs
How does this work?
You give them that code,
they take it to a colleague
of mine in Madrid,
he'll pay them
$2 million.
Just like that?
Yes.
Knock on door
You ready?
Yeah, just give me a minute.
I'll see you in the car.
Glass thuds on counter
Exhales sharply
Here he is.
Laughs
Hello, love.
Oh. Good to see you.
You good?
I'm better
now that I've seen you.
Hey!
Laughs
Where's Frank?
He's just helping Amanda
with a bit of business.
They're coming later,
though.
They're meeting us
at the restaurant.
Nice wheels.
Oh, well. Glad you like it.
Because it's yours.
Fuck off. No way!
Check out the boot.
Business must be good.
You have no idea.
Cackles
Let's fucking go!
Telephones ringing
Elevator bell dings
Doors slide
Well?
All done.
Let them know
we're here?
Did you bring
what we asked?
Of course.
I'll go check this.
So...do we talk
to you or him?
My father would rather
not have to send a daughter
to look after
his business.
But one of your family
killed his son.
Eamon Cunningham was trying
to wipe this family out.
We had to
protect ourselves.
My brother had no involvement
in any of that.
Michael thought it was
one of Eamon's bodyguards.
What happened
was a terrible mistake.
But we're here
to make amends...
for the loss
of your brother.
My family has lost
their only boy.
How do you make amends
for that?
We just handed over
$2 million.
That was the price of
this meeting, nothing more.
We're willing to double that sum
to ensure Michael's safety.
Michael Kinsella
killed my brother,
and he will pay for that.
Why come here if you're
not going to negotiate?
To discuss Eamon Cunningham's
death to my family.
He owed my father
almost $70 million.
And, as you killed him,
the debt is now yours.
You're fucking joking.
You have been making
lots of money
from the drugs
that you stole.
Nothing like $70 million.
That's your problem.
I'm just telling you
what you owe.
This is
fucking bullshit.
I imagined you would
respond like this.
And, honestly,
I hope you tell my father
to go fuck himself.
This is the outcome
I would like.
Because then, it won't be just
Michael who is a target,
but every single one
of your family.
That transfer
has been received.
Door closes
I fly home tomorrow.
If by then I haven't heard how
you intend to repay the debt,
my father will assume
our families are at war.
Passionate moaning
Welcome home.
Both laugh
Kissing
Thanks for arranging
that thing for me.
I don't want to have to do
anything like that again.
You won't.
I'm here now.
I'll look after everything.
Okay?
Yeah.
We'll start with three bottles
of the Louis Roederer Cristal,
and I want some nibbles
as well for the table --
the crispy quail eggs,
the pâté,
and the Dublin Bay prawns.
Thank you.
I've ordered
the champagne.
Lovely.
Okay.
Let's get our booze on.
Ahh.
Viking:
There he is now.
Who's Mister
fucking Boy Band?
That's Dan,
the new...
-Hey.
-Ill fuckin' time.
- Chuckles
It's great
to have you back.
Thanks, Da.
Jimmy,
I'll follow you over.
Did you lose
your watch?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Come here.
Hey, you've been juicin'?
You big con.
Fuck off. Yeah.
-You look great.
-You too. You good?
-Yeah, yeah.
-How did it go, Frank?
They wouldn't even discuss
a figure for Michael.
They want a head.
And that's not all.
Urinating
Breathes deeply
Phone clicking
Breathing heavily
Rory, you can go.
Jimmy's gonna drive me
in his car.
Are you sure?
I don't mind waiting.
Yeah, positive.
Thanks.
Engine starts
Hey. You okay?
Let's just go.
Engine starts
Tires squeal
Amanda:
What did you tell them?
That your Ma had a fall
and we had to go to hospital,
like you said.
They probably think you're
trying to avoid Viking.
I don't care
what they think.
Just as long
as it's not this.
How could Eamon Cunningham
owe $70 million?
He was minted!
On other people's money.
That has to be bullocks.
They're talking through
their fuckin' hoop.
What?
We're not paying it.
Just out of one war, you want
to go starting another one
with someone else --
someone even bigger?
So what do we do?
See how much cash
we can lay our hands on.
But it's not gonna be
anything like what they want.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
This is some
fucking party.
Indistinct conversations
Man: So it's been
around 12 weeks?
Uh, 13 on Friday.
Hm. And it was
an assisted conception?
Yeah. IVF.
Okay.
We'll do a quick scan just to
give it some peace of mind.
Tuck it in there.
Gonna be a small bit cold.
Okay?
So, can you --
can you see the heartbeat?
Sighs
I'm really sorry, Amanda.
I know this is coming as a shock
to both of you,
but I think it's important
we move quickly.
I'm going to contact
the surgeons and call,
see about getting you in
to theater this afternoon...
Dialogue fades
High-pitched buzzing
Woman: Amanda?
Amanda. Amanda.
Monitor beeping
Gonna give you
some anesthetic now.
So you might feel
a slight pinching.
Amanda, if you could count
backwards from 10 to 1.
What happens to the baby
after you take it out?
Like this, Amanda.
10, 9...
But what do you do
to the baby?
8, 7, 6...
5...
Sobs
...4...
3...2...
Goat bleating
Brakes hiss
Dog barking
Lock clicking
This is the man
I was telling you about.
He's found
Michael Kinsella.
And they can get to him.
Just say the word.
Do it.
Three way, that one sequel
Told God I won't leave you
It's all about love,
no hate, no evil
I might, woo
Fall into the trap
of the feeble
War my bruddas,
they need you
I only see stars
when I see you
What's madder
than a black and illegal?
And melanin,
there's too much hope
Said they wanna put pain
in the dope
And they be the killers
that feed you the most
Nikita: I didn't need
a whole bankroll
to tip a Deliveroo rider.
Here. Do you believe that story
about Amanda's Ma falling?
Who cares?
Fuck her.
She's in for
a rude awakening.
What'ya mean?
You're just out, Eric.
Don't go doing anything stupid.
No, no. Not me.
Someone else is
gonna sort her out.
I'm just gonna stand back
and watch it all go off.
And what's that
supposed to mean?
It means...
the clock is ticking
for Amanda.
Will you just stop trying
to be all fuckin' mysterious
and just tell me?
Clicking tongue
Tick-tock.
Eric.
It means her time
is coming.
When I tell me
I love you different
If you know
just what's missing
You might as well stay
in the kitchen
Door opens in distance
Monitor beeping
Baby crying in distance
Door opens
Hey.
You're awake.
Yeah.
Doctor said
it went well.
What does "well" mean?
That you're okay.
You're gonna be fine.
And that's
the important thing.
You hungry? You want me
to get you a bite to eat?
Some tea? Or a drink?
Um, no.
You should just --
You should go home, Jimmy.
I'm just gonna sleep.
And Anthony's at home
on his own.
I'll call you
if I need anything.
Sure? I don't --
I don't mind staying.
Yeah. No. Go on.
I'll be grand.
Yeah.
I'll keep my phone on.
Okay.
Yeah.
See ya.
Door closes
Footsteps depart
Thumping
His keys are here.
He's around here somewhere.
Indistinct whispering
Wood creaks
Metal clanging
He's outside.
Let's go.
Metal clanging
Gasps
Gunshot
Clicking
Siren wailing
Wheels rolling
Amanda breathes deeply
Cellphone buzzes
Father: Lamb of God, you
take away the sins of the world.
Have mercy on us.
Lamb of God, you take away
the sins of the world.
Happy are those who are called
to supper on the lamb.
Congregation:
Lord, I am not worthy to...
but only say the word
and I shall be healed.
Body of Christ.
Amen.
Telephone ringing
Door opens
Let me know
if you need anything.
Door closes
So you are the one
in charge.
That means you ordered
the shooting that killed Cenk.
Do you want to hear what
I have to offer or not?
You say the debt
is $70 million.
I'm willing
to pay $90 instead.
I presume the extra twenty
comes with a price.
Michael.
I've told you.
He will not be a part
of any arrangement.
The men sent to kill him
last night failed.
And you'll keep failing.
'Cause he is good at this.
We only need to be
successful once.
Well, if you do get him,
all you'd have done is cost
your family $90 million.
'Cause we won't pay a penny
if you kill him.
Is that supposed to
be a threat?
You may think
that killing Michael
will ease the pain
of your brother's death.
But it won't.
Nothing will.
My son was murdered
eight months ago,
and I made sure that
those responsible are dead.
But the pain I feel
is the same.
You're not me.
I know your father
is dying.
Now would be a good time to
show how well his daughter
can handle his affairs.
You can return home
and tell him
that you failed
to kill Michael again
and that you failed to
get any money out of us...
or you can return
with the news
that you secured $90 million
for your family.
Which will
impress him more?
If it means
sparing Michael,
he would rather I came home
with nothing.
How can you be sure?
$90 million.
That's a lot to give up.
You have four months
to pay the debt.
That's not enough time.
Four months...
or nothing.
Door opens and closes
Father: Can I help you
with anything?
I have a question
for you.
Well, if I can answer it,
I will.
So, I was dead.
My heart stopped
for nearly three minutes
before the paramedics
resuscitated me.
In all that time...
nothing.
No bright light nor...
no warm sensation
or any of the things
that you hear.
That can't be
a good sign.
Were you expecting
a good sign?
Do you ever consider that maybe
God spared you for a reason?
What reason?
Only He knows that.
The Bible is filled
with plenty of people
who repented their sins
and found peace.
And from where I'm standing,
you don't look like a man
that has a lot of peace
in his life.
We hear confessions
every Friday.
Come if you'd like.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
God never forgets you.
Engine shuts off
Hey, you.
Hey ya.
You should've called me.
I'd have collected you.
What did
the doctors say?
I need you
to call a meeting.
You should be
taking it easy.
What for?
The baby's already dead.
Can't kill it again.
You know
that wasn't your fault.
Just call a meeting.
Brake clicks
Engine shuts off
Whirring
Welcome home, Eric.
How's your Ma?
Nothing broken, I hope.
No.
Glad to hear.
-Hiya.
-So...
what's so urgent,
couldn't wait?
Michael had visitors
last night.
Is he okay?
He's fine.
He dealt with it.
But he can't stay there
any longer.
So I went to see
Nuray Batuk.
What, without telling
anyone here?
I needed to see her
before she left.
So, you just do whatever
the fuck you want now?
-Is that it?
-It's done.
Well, it shouldn't
have been fuckin' done.
Not without talking
to the rest of us first.
Chuckles Have youse
forgotten what she did?
She went behind
your back, Da.
Had Eamon clipped.
Bit of respect, Eric.
No.
She tried
to have me killed.
That's not true.
What Eamon told Birdy
was a lie.
He chose you, not me.
Of course you were
gonna say that.
You think Eamon Cunningham
would let me decide
something like that?
He was winding Birdy up
and causing shit.
Tell me you're not buying
that fucking bullshit.
I'm not gonna
warn you again, Eric.
Nuray Batuk has agreed to take
the bounty off Michael's head.
Viking: Great.
And what about
Eamon's debt?
They've given us four months
to find the money.
But we still have to pay them
the $70 million?
-$90 million.
-Wow.
The extra $20 million is a fee
for the four-month grace period
and getting
Michael home.
But it will be safe
for Mikey to come home, then?
-Yeah.
-This is bollocks.
We're still paying them
a fuckin' fortune.
That debt
is a blessing.
Are you touched?
It's probably all
that's keeping Michael
and the rest of us
here alive.
Why do you think the Batuks
even agreed to meet us?
Because we already
paid them $2 million.
Batuk doesn't need
$2 million.
It's certainly not enough
to swallow the death of his son.
The only reason they agreed
to meet us is they saw a chance
to get back the money
that Eamon Cunningham owed them.
As long as we're repaying
that debt, they'll leave us be.
And how are we meant to repay
all that in four months?
Amanda: With the next shipment
coming in,
we'll have enough money
for the first payment.
But we're gonna have to
increase revenue,
and that will mean
expanding out of Dublin.
That's not gonna
go down well.
If Eamon Cunningham could supply
the whole country, so can we.
No.
You don't speak for me.
You don't make deals
on my behalf.
Not without even
asking me first.
Fine. Alright, you tell us
how you'd sort out all this
with the Batuks.
And get Michael home.
Not like this.
How?
You think you're
fuckin' smart now?
You think you're real
fuckin' smart, don't you?
You just wait.
That's enough, Eric.
Footsteps depart
Sighs
What's gonna happen
when all this money gets paid?
You think they're just gonna
leave us alone?
I don't know.
But this gives us four months
to work that out
and decide
what we're gonna do.
Mm.
Where's your cousin?
Uh, she's expecting a call,
so she asked me
to speak to you.
What happened
with Michael Kinsella?
I'm still waiting on word back
from the lads I sent.
But don't worry.
If there's been a problem,
we'll get him next time.
Okay.
Grunts
Vehicle door opens
Engine starts
Sighs
$90 million in four months?
I don't see that
we have a choice.
It's either that
or another war.
Yeah.
But if I'm to do this,
I can't have Viking fucking up
things with his usual shit.
He won't.
Sighs
You know
what he's like.
He'll calm down once he sees
everyone else is behind you.
I hope so.
We'll be fine.
Trust me.
Tires screech
Kem.
Whistles
Chuckles
Car door closes
-Hey.
-Yeah.
Laughs
Good to see you.
-You good?
-Yeah.
So, this is the sprog?
Kem: Yeah.
Her name's Chloe.
Ah.
When does she stop
looking like a fuckin' troll?
Laughing
I'm only messing with you.
Here.
That's for sorting
that other thing out for me.
-Nikki already paid me for that.
-Yeah, it's a bonus...from me.
To show how grateful
I am, yeah?
Take it.
Chuckles
-My man.
-Thanks.
And now that I'm out,
plenty more work for ya.
Listen,
no disrespect, V,
but with having Chloe now
and everything,
I'm keeping
things clean.
Exactly.
You're a Da now,
you need to provide.
And you don't want to be
bringing your daughter up
in some
fuckin' shithole.
So, stick with me
and you'll be able
to treat her like a princess.
Now look, I need
three or four lads
you can vouch for,
straight away.
There'll be lots of work.
Amanda know about this?
Fuck Amanda.
Trust me.
There's big changes
coming to this family
and she's the first
to get the fucking heave, eh?
Oh, Kem, whoever you get,
they need to be handy, okay?
Yeah.
Good luck.
Car door opens, closes
Engine starts
Door opens
Door closes
Hose spraying
Vehicle approaching
Trunk closes
Are you alright?
Car door closes
Yeah.
You found me
a new place?
There's no need.
I've come
to bring you home.
What about the Batuks?
Amanda's done a deal
with them.
That means it's safe
for you to come home.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, fuck.
Fuck.
Indistinct conversation
Man: Can we have the next one,
please?
Door closes
Prisoner number 45791.
This board has assessed
your application
and has taken into consideration
the length of time you've served,
your conduct while in prison,
and, of course, the likelihood
that you pose a risk
to the safety and security of
the public if you are released.
And the Minister for Justice
has accepted our recommendations
that you be granted parole.
Brendan Kinsella,
you are free to go.